# C-programs
All types of C-language programs from basic to advance with questions and solutions.

So there is a very interesting story behind this repository. So you see , I have started my placement preparation for about like 2 months ago , I have begin with the C-language and have solved over 300+ questions for this language in 1 month. Also after 1 month I got admission in Karnavati university , not a very popular university in others opinion . Then, one day something happened to my laptop , it got bitlocked but the twist is I have never ever applied a bitlocker in my laptop, then I contacted some technical helpline numbers and they told me that the laptop need to be formatted for it to get unlocked. Getting your laptop formatted means that all your progress , all your datas will disappear just like that. So , with a heavy heart but a positive mindet I agreed and also convinved myself that everything will be alright. Also, I would like to add one more thing, that is I have previously created 4 projects on C-language and I have uploaded that here on github but rest of the programs I failed to upload. That day was none less than a nightmare. But anyways, life goes on , right? Also , the other day after this incident my life changed completely, It was August 17 around 8:10 am , I got a call from NIRMA UNIVERSITY (one of the most prestigious univeristy in India). They offered me a seat in 5 year integrated course in BTECH(cse)+MBA. It was like a dream come true , like god has given me another chance to restart everything all over, but this time more carefully and better than ever. So, here I am uploading every single program of mine in this repository. Wish me luck!
